Feature: Alert bar for IPFS (#289)
ipfs/website: content/ipfs-call/index.md

---
pagetype: major
pagename: IPFS Weekly Call
section: IPFS Weekly Call
title: IPFS Weekly Call
url: call
save_as:  call/index.html
constellation: constellation-02.svg
---

## Welcome to the IPFS Weekly Call

Join us every week for the IPFS Weekly Call where we hear from the IPFS Community. We use zoom to host our calls and [this link](https://protocol.zoom.us/j/443621844) will directly bring you into the live video chat.

Before you join there are several points we would like to go over:

1. The IPFS calls are recorded and are put on [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuhRWgmPaHtSGRSHdU9dbsukHKlihZZAe)

> 2. Please sign into the [IPFS Weekly Call sheet](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WHyIZhBo2eEgYXlZ5HLHg6a6ZWTH3tV848sWkYBJjJA/edit#heading=h.hz5t61tdc5r6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Have a read of the agenda for the call, and add your name as an attendee on the [IPFS Weekly Call document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WHyIZhBo2eEgYXlZ5HLHg6a6ZWTH3tV848sWkYBJjJA/edit#heading=h.hz5t61tdc5r6)
```

> 

Reviewer: 3. We expect all participants to abide by the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/ipfs/community/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md).
